---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

In high school, I became very interested in biology and psychology, 
studying them independently and TAing classes for lower years. When 
debating over what to major in, I was excited to discover Northeastern 
Univdersity's Behavioral Neuroscience program, which started as a 
combined biology/psychology degree. 

I still jumped around a lot, between cognition, lingutistics, learning 
and memory, and computer science, before going on my first coop (a 
full-time, 6 month internship between semsesters)at Harvard Medical 
School's Datta Lab. There, I investigated the role of the Ms4a family 
of olfactory receptors, which are different from conventional olfactory 
receptors due to having multiple types of receptors on a single neuron. 
I investigated these pathways through social transmission of food 
preferencce experiments in mice, as well as through innate preference 
experiments. I also tracked the movement of the mice in these 
experiments,and did supervised machine learning.

Straight off of my coop, I went on a two month study abroad around 
Europe, studying rhetoric and human rights. 

Coming back to Boston, and back to science, I was still interested in 
movement. I had attended a talk given by Dagmar Sternadas a part of 
Northeastern's Brain Awareness week, and I was fascinated by the 
questions of motor control. I joined the Action Lab at Northeastern, and 
have been working on investigating the role of learning and primitive 
dynamics in a whip-to-target task. 

Outside of academics, I enjoy running, playing ultimate frisbee, baking, 
and dancing. 
